[global]
scale = 0
sort = yes
monitor = 0
padding = 8
width = 300
height = 300
follow = none
markup = full
title = Dunst
class = Dunst
offset = 10x40
frame_width = 1
line_height = 0
alignment = left
transparency = 0
min_icon_size = 0
max_icon_size = 0
corner_radius = 0
ellipsize = middle
origin = top-right
font = Cantarell 13
progress_bar = true
ignore_newline = no
icon_position = off
history_length = 25
show_indicators = no
separator_height = 2
sticky_history = yes
indicate_hidden = yes
text_icon_padding = 0
notification_limit = 3
horizontal_padding = 8
force_xwayland = false
force_xinerama = false
stack_duplicates = true
show_age_threshold = 60
frame_color = "#8CAAEE"
separator_color = frame
always_run_script = true
ignore_dbusclose = false
format = "<b>%s</b>\n%b"
progress_bar_height = 10
vertical_alignment = center
browser = /usr/bin/xdg-open
progress_bar_frame_width = 1
progress_bar_min_width = 150
progress_bar_max_width = 300
hide_duplicate_count = false
mouse_right_click = close_all
dmenu = /usr/bin/dmenu -p dunst:
mouse_left_click = close_current
mouse_middle_click = do_action, close_current
icon_path = /usr/share/icons/gnome/16x16/status/:/usr/share/icons/gnome/16x16/devices/

[experimental]
per_monitor_dpi = false

[urgency_low]
background = "#303446"
foreground = "#C6D0F5"

[urgency_normal]
background = "#303446"
foreground = "#C6D0F5"

[urgency_critical]
background = "#303446"
foreground = "#C6D0F5"
frame_color = "#EF9F76"
